docs: add iron rule against unbounded recursion in engine-expert skill (#57677)
camunda/camunda: .claude/skills/engine-expert/SKILL.md

- Hot paths log at trace level only. INFO/DEBUG on a hot path is a performance regression at engine throughput.
- Values returned from `ColumnFamily.get(...)` / state reads are backed by a shared, mutable buffer reused on the next read of the same column family. Never cache them or hold them across another read — `copyFrom(...)` if you need to keep the value, or use `get(key, valueSupplier)` to allocate a fresh instance.
- Non-transactional side effects (metrics, post-commit hooks) run only after all state and follow-up command writes that could throw. Exceptions roll back state, but already-executed side effects don't roll back — counters drift.

> - No unbounded recursion over process trees, call activities, or event chains — depth is user-controlled, and a `StackOverflowError` halts the partition. Bound it or use iteration.

Reviewer: >No unbounded recursion over process trees, call activities, or event chains

❌ This reads as if we allow unbounded recursion on other items. I believe we should not support unbounded recursion anywhere but I'm happy to be told otherwise.

>depth is user-controlled, and a `StackOverflowError` halts the partition

🔧 It's not so clear that the intend here is to say that this the reason that we don't want to allow unbounded recursion. It could be read as, depth must be user-controlled (through configuration of a limit) and that a `StackOverflowError` should be thrown. However, we actually don't want a `StackOverflowError`. 

>or event chains — depth is user-controlled,

💭 Event chains are not user-controlled, but system controlled.

>A `StackOverflowError` would halt the partition.

❌ As far as I know, a `StackOverflowError` will not halt the partition but [ban an instance](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/next/components/zeebe/technical-concepts/internal-processing/#banned-process-instance).

>Bound it or use iteration.

🔧 We can also include [trampolining](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/189725/what-is-a-trampoline-function).

🔧 I suggest the following:

```suggestion
- No unbounded recursion unless documented why it's safe. Especially for process trees, call activities, and other user-provided input. A `StackOverflowError` would ban the executing instance. Bound recursion or use iteration/trampolining.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestions, they look reasonable!

Regarding the `StackOverflowError` halting the partition: I think what I meant to say here is that the broker _can_ crash (see a recent issue raised [here](https://github.com/camunda/camunda/issues/57504) for the FEEL transformer) although it will usually ban the instance here. Should I add this as a possible caveat, or would it be better to leave it as a banned instance?

Reviewer: @tanjinyi I'd rather we find a way to avoid crashing the broker and instead ban the process instance. Do we understand why the instance wasn't just banned and processing continued on the partition?

Note that banning a process instance is a safety mechanism we'd rather avoid, but it's better than blocking the entire partition.

Anyways, I think if this text says that it's bad because it bans the instance, it's already enough reason to try to avoid it. That there are cases (right now still) where the broker crashes is not helping it decide better, and it's something we should work to avoid actively.

Author: The processing completely stops there actually since the broker just crashes, but I digress. I think that's out of scope of this PR 😅. I'll leave the description as a banned instance here. Thanks a lot!
